doc: updated the Class:fs filesystem documentation as it was missing … (#55279)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

Free blocks available to unprivileged users.

Example:
```mjs
const fs = require('fs');

// Specify the path you want to check (like '/' or 'C:/').
fs.statfs('.', (err, stats) => {
  if (err) {
    console.error('Error reading file system stats:', err);
    return;
  }

  // Calculate available space in bytes
  const availableSpace = stats.bavail * stats.bsize;

  console.log(`Available space for unprivileged users: ${availableSpace} bytes`);
});

> ```

Reviewer: This is commonjs, but the `mjs` code block is used

> ```

Reviewer: IMO for the sake of the example, error handling isn't needed.

Free blocks in file system.

Example:
```mjs
const fs = require('fs');

// Specify the path of the filesystem to check (e.g., current directory).
fs.statfs('.', (err, stats) => {
  if (err) {
    console.error('Error reading file system stats:', err);
    return;
  }

  // Calculate total free space in bytes using bfree and bsize
  const totalFreeSpace = stats.bfree * stats.bsize;

  console.log(`Total free space (including reserved blocks): ${totalFreeSpace} bytes`);
});

> ```

Reviewer: Ditto

Total data blocks in file system.

Example:
```mjs
const fs = require('fs');

// Specify the path of the filesystem to check (e.g., current directory).
fs.statfs('.', (err, stats) => {
  if (err) {
    console.error('Error reading file system stats:', err);
    return;
  }

  // Get the total number of blocks
  const totalBlocks = stats.blocks;

  console.log(`Total number of blocks on the filesystem: ${totalBlocks}`);
});
```

> 

Reviewer: Ditto

* {number|bigint}

> Optimal transfer block size (measured in bytes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimal transfer block size (measured in bytes).
```

> Optimal transfer block size(this value is in bytes for POSIX-compliant or UNIX-like Operating Systems including but not limited to Windows, Linux, MacOS, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, NetBSD, Solaris/Illumos etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimal transfer block size (measured in bytes)
```

Why is all this extra info here?

Total file nodes in file system.

Example:
```mjs
const fs = require('fs');

// Specify the path of the filesystem to check (e.g., current directory).
fs.statfs('.', (err, stats) => {
  if (err) {
    console.error('Error reading file system stats:', err);
    return;
  }

  // Calculate total free space in bytes using bfree and bsize
  const totalFreeSpace = stats.bfree * stats.bsize;

  console.log(`Total free space (including reserved blocks): ${totalFreeSpace} bytes`);
});
```

> 

Reviewer: Ditto

* {number|bigint}

Type of file system.
This value is the decimal representation of the magic number* of the filesystem. Converting this number|bigint to hexadecimal will return the magic number.

> *magic number- refers to the hexadecimal numeric coding mapped to each filesystem.

Reviewer: No need for a footnote.

> Type of file system.
> This value is the decimal representation of the magic number* of the filesystem. Converting this number|bigint to hexadecimal will return the magic number.
> 
> *magic number- refers to the hexadecimal numeric coding mapped to each filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type of file system, represented by the decimal form of the file's magic number.
```

    <td>B-tree File System (Linux)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>XFS</td>
    <td>0x58465342</td>
    <td>X File System (Linux)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>FAT</td>
    <td>0xadf5</td>
    <td>File Allocation Table (legacy FAT)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>NFS</td>
    <td>0x6969</td>
    <td>Network File System</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>ISO 9660</td>
    <td>0x9660</td>
    <td>CD-ROM File System</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>SMB/CIFS</td>
    <td>0xFF534D42</td>
    <td>Server Message Block / Common Internet File System</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>JFFS2</td>
    <td>0x72B6</td>
    <td>Journaling Flash File System</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>UDF</td>
    <td>0x15013346</td>
    <td>Universal Disk Format</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>procfs</td>
    <td>0x9fa0</td>
    <td>Process File System</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>sysfs</td>
    <td>0x62656572</td>
    <td>System File System</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>tmpfs</td>
    <td>0x01021994</td>
    <td>Temporary File System</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>cgroupfs</td>
    <td>0x27e0eb</td>
    <td>Control Group File System</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>ramfs</td>
    <td>0x858458f6</td>
    <td>RAM File System</td>
  </tr>
</table>

> 

Reviewer: Instead of a table, is there a wikipage or something that users can be referred to?

Author: I found a [Linux Manual page](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/statfs.2.html) which lists these filesystems but I am unsure whether we can link it here. Also, they only list Linux filesystems and miss out on the popular NTFS, NFS etc.
